He is the one I invited
Shut up, you disgrace
What is your identity?
Can you please get him?
Sunan, don't you still want to seduce Second Young Master Su?
I warn you.
He's not like you seduce those old men
Hunger
A woman like you who can afford it
Second Young Master Su will only feel dirty and disgusting
I don't need to seduce anyone, Sunan
It's got to be self-aware.
Otherwise it will laugh at the wind
Do you believe it or not?
I told my second brother everything you did
He will make you unable to stay in the whole river city
You can try it.
Humph you be quiet
Hospital focus
What's the noise, second brother, I'm sorry
Are you so busy today?
It's okay second brother
Is the surgery over?
Is Sisi okay?
You are questioning my medical skills
No, I'm just worried about Sisi's condition.
Is out of danger
I really can't wake up after taking a break for a while
Sue, thank you for saving your life tonight
I have prepared a banquet at the 711 Hotel
Please show your face, haha.
Excuse me?
If you have a cleanliness freak, shouldn't you look at it with your eyes?
Schedule, don't be angry, doctor
Kind of neat freak
What's more, my second brother is such an excellent person
You say yes.
Second brother, what are you?
Why do you keep calling me second brother?